THIS PROJECT IS BROUGHT TO YOU BY PUPPALA LAKSHMI This is an E-commerce Front End website design Web Technologies used: HTML, CSS, JS, Bootstrap IDE: VS-Code Note: Bot is deployed on contact page Industry : Health Project Title : E-Commerce Website with FAQ Bot Problem Statement/Opportunity : A Pharmacy company wants to build a sample Front End prototype website for their business as the online Pharmacy industry has been growing at an incredible rate, and so have ecommerce challenges. To build a whole website they have chosen Azure Cloud Platform. Build a website that have:Login,Register as customer,register as vendor along with FAQ Bot deployed on Website for customers help. Project Description : Core Idea of Project is to build an sample prototype Pharmacy Website with FAQ Bot for a business company with the help of HTML, CSS, JAVASCRIPT, BOOTSTRAP. The business-to-consumer aspect of product commerce is the most visible business use of the World Wide Web. The primary goal of sample prototype an e-commerce site is to sell medicines online with solving problems of customer speedily via FAQ Bot . This project deals with developing an Pharmacy website for Online Medicine Sale. It provides the user with a catalog of different Medicines available for purchase in the store. We are using Azure Technologies with GitHub to complete this project. Primary Azure Technology : Azure Bot Service, QnA Maker, Static Web Apps Other Azure Technologies : App Service linked profile-https://www.linkedin.com/in/puppala-lakshmi-503a4222a/ For any queries feel free to contact us..... Thank you....
